[Cosmos] Service Request and Response retries (#39396)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/cosmos/azure-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

## Release History

### 4.9.1b2 (2025-01-24)

#### Features Added

> * Added new cross-regional retry logic for ServiceRequest and ServiceResponse exceptions. See [PR 39396](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/39396)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new cross-regional retry logic for `ServiceRequestError` and `ServiceResponseError` exceptions. See [PR 39396](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/39396)
```

> * Added new cross-regional retry logic for ServiceRequest and ServiceResponse exceptions. See [PR 39396](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/39396)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new cross-regional retry logic for `ServiceRequestError` and `ServiceResponseError` exceptions. See [PR 39396](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/39396)
```

#### Bugs Fixed
* Fixed `KeyError` being returned by location cache when most preferred location is not present in cached regions. See [PR 39396](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/39396).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed cross-region retries on `CosmosClient` initialization. See [PR 39396](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/pull/39396)
```
